Well,
welcome to this edition of Vlog on the
Blog.
It is a live stream video on the
blogs that we have been pursuing and
posting on X and on Facebook.
I'm here with Kevin.
So Kevin,
can we still be considered innovators if
now this is the second iteration of the
vlog on the blog?
Sure,
because each time they get a little better
and better, a little bit more innovation.
Oh,
so you're looking forward to this one
being better than the last one?
I am, I am.
I appreciate your confidence.
Okay,
let's see if we can make that happen.
So again,
this is a vlog on a vlog,
which is the first ever attempt.
Well, this is our second iteration of it,
but collectively we're doing something
that has not been done before.
We're combining the two most prominent
means of communicating in today's world.
There is the vlog that you see
primarily on YouTube,
although they are published on Facebook
and on X.
And I think we have now about twelve
different channels that we present the
blog.
And then there are lots of places where
there is a blog where people blog.
They show pictures and images,
sometimes videos,
and they comment about them.
You know,
the difference is between a blog and a
blog is on a blog.
Most of them,
the most interesting last for anywhere
from thirty minutes to most, I think,
are in an hour to an hour and
a half in length.
And so people yabber on quite a long
time because, well,
people are interesting to listen to and
people like to listen.
The difference is that when you get to
a blog,
you get past about five or six words
and you've lost the audience.
People just don't want to read.
That's why we have this library of thirty
five books,
twenty five thousand pages of innovative
translations and amplified translations
and insights and commentary.
You see the books sitting all around me
here.
And yet we do the vlog to get
people interested in reading.
And it is in reading that intellectually
you're gonna make that leap from faith to
knowing and then from knowing to
understanding.
And once you understand,
you're in a position to form a
relationship with Yahweh based upon who he
is,
what he's offering and what he expects in
return.
So the difference here is now we're going
to add depth
to a blog because we can vlog for
longer than people will pay attention to
our words.
So here we are.
All right,
so you've posted the first of these.
This is a video, Kevin,
obviously of Putin.
And Vladimir Putin has gone on record as
to say many hundreds of things here
recently that are accurate.
And that is rare amongst politicians,
particularly if you compare him to Donald
Trump, who is a confabulator.
A confabulator means there's no
correlation between what Trump believes
and says and reality.
I don't say that to be a pejorative.
I say that just to
lay it on the line.
What he says is so egregious and so
erroneous that it's nothing but the
product of confabulation.
Some would call it dementia.
I don't think it's dementia.
I think it is literally the psychiatric
problem of confabulation.
I would encourage our listeners to look up
that word, to confabulate,
and they would understand that what he
believes and what he says is just simply
completely estranged from reality.
Now, Putin is the opposite of that.
Putin has got all the charisma of a
piece of stone.
I mean,
he just has nothing that you would say,
wow, that is really exciting.
What a great man.
I can't wait to tune in next time.
but he's methodical, he's detailed,
he understands the subjects that he talks
about.
Here he is saying that the Ukrainians who
have lost two million
citizens,
mostly in war to Russia has probably lost
one hundred and fifty thousand.
That's probably the ratio one hundred
fifty thousand, almost two million.
And everyone that has been sacrificed has
been sacrificed based on an outright lie.
And that's Putin's point.
They aren't fighting for Ukraine.
There's no part of this war that is
in the interest of Ukraine.
They are fighting because the leaders of
Ukraine were bribed going back some twenty
years ago and continuing all the way to
this day.
They were bribed by the United States and
then by NATO.
to wage a proxy war against Russia because
the neocons in the United States saw that
Russia was a land filled with natural
resources.
And America for the past...
seventy five,
eighty years has been a hegemon.
They want total supremacy and total
control of the world.
And the elitists that really run America
want to control all natural resources.
So oil, gas, rare earths,
they want it all.
And
Their idea was going back twenty years ago
is they have no respect for anyone or
any people or any nationality.
They said, break up Russia.
And then we can go in and with
the smaller parts,
we can control them and rape the country
of its natural resources.
Just same reason that Trump wants
Venezuela now.
He wants to rob them of their resources.
And that's been the United States modus
operandi now for, well,
ever since the end of World War II.
And it's perpetrated by the CIA.
And so the path to this war,
which is so obvious and it is so
frustrating that eighty percent of
Americans are ignorant of this,
is that the United States
literally created,
led and armed the coup that overturned the
popularly elected pro-Russian government
of Ukraine for the express purpose of
making Ukraine a weapon that they could
wield against Russia.
And then you have John McCain and Lindsey
Graham on video,
not only
orchestrating the coup with the U.S.
State Department.
Nuland was the woman,
Victoria Nuland did that as well,
breaking Secretary Baker's promise that if
Russia gave
Eastern Germany and East Berlin to West
Germany to unify Germans again,
that America's promise would be that NATO
would move not one inch closer to Russia.
And that's all we've done is welch on
that promise.
And we were running most of the NATO
exercises were being run in Ukraine with
the United States saying that Ukraine is
going to be part of NATO.
And so Russia's national interests were
threatened and she had no
alternative but to respond.
And then NATO and the United States and
the EU and UK not only armed the
Ukrainians to go and kill Russians,
but they supplied the weapons and they
supplied all of the leadership.
The leadership running this war are not
Ukrainians.
They're Brits and they're Americans.
The result has been a disaster for the
United States, for the EU, for the UK,
and for NATO because with all of the
money,
Hundreds of billions of dollars,
huge amounts have been siphoned off
because, well,
Ukraine has always been easy to bribe.
It is the least ethical nation in Europe
and has been for a very long time.
And they have siphoned off most of the
money.
Zelensky has been the worst of a bad
lot.
And they have even sold many of the
weapons on the black market.
And they've put two million people into
harm's way to die for nothing.
your sound is not working at all.
So we have no sound from Kevin.
So we'll have to figure out what's going
on with that.
But this is what has been perpetrated.
And now against the combined force of the
Ukrainians, the Americans,
the NATO at all, with all of this,
Russia won and it's overwhelming the proof
that Russia prevailed.
The only thing left is for Ukraine and
the United States and NATO to surrender or
literally there'll be nothing left to
surrender.
Yeah,
so we're back with no sound at all
from Kevin, so I don't know what happened.
here.
But why don't we go to the next,
any one of these that you want.
We can start right with that one.
No, the one right above.
Don't go down there.
This is really crude.
And when
It was posted, a Christian said,
on the name of Jesus Christ,
I plead with you to remove this
blasphemous post.
It is so irritating and so obnoxious and
heresy to my God.
And you get, oh God,
what is wrong with people?
First of all,
the whole notion of God being a man
is so stupid, it's almost...
hard to fathom how you could fool, well,
today there's two and a half billion
Christians.
How could you fool two and a half
billion people into believing that God's
no bigger than a man?
And then you've,
we still have no sound from him.
Then you want people to believe that your
God,
who now is no bigger than a man,
can be killed by men.
I mean,
how stupid can you be to have a
God who is no bigger than a man
and then to say that men can kill
God?
It's absurd.
And then you want to say, well,
you know, he was resurrected,
so he proved that he had come back
to life.
Yeah, stupid resurrection,
bodily resurrection is.
When you finally get rid of this body
so that your soul is liberated from it
and you go right back to it,
and a body that has been tortured and
bludgeoned by the Romans and tortured
through crucifixion,
and you want to go back to that
body, that is...
somehow a good thing that you would
reoccupy that body?
I mean,
the whole notion from beginning to end of
a dead God on a stick is so
repulsive that it's just, I say,
it's astonishing that you could have two
and a half billion people believe such a
lie.
Well, we can go to our
Our next slide or we're going to have
to just reboot and start all over again
because we don't have any sound from the
far away land on the other side of
the world here.
This is another post.
This is one of my least favorite people.
I think it's a woman.
She claims to live in Israel,
but I think she actually lives in India
based upon the counter post that I have
seen.
And she is all that is wrong with
the people who are advocating on behalf of
Israel.
Her post this time...
Okay, I think we have him.
The post this time is that she wants
the IDF to be unleashed on the world.
Globalize the IDF is what Vivid wrote.
Well, sure.
What did the IDF do?
Well,
was napping when when four thousand Muslim
jihadists in tennis shoes came in across
the border and raped and terrorized and
plundered and murdered and then abducted.
Be almost three thousand Jews over the
course of twelve hours where the IDF did
nothing.
So if that's your idea,
you want to globalize that.
Perfect.
And then what did the idea do after
that?
They destroyed Gaza.
So, oh, sure, let's globalize them.
Let's turn the rest of the world into
Gaza.
That'll be great, right?
Right.
How could you be so stupid?
This is why I just get so frustrated
at the pro-Israel accounts.
I'm as pro-Israel as any human being on
the planet,
probably more pro-Israel than any human
being on the planet.
care more about God's people obviously
than they do about themselves.
And then you read something like this,
globalize the IDF celebrating what they
have done,
which is to completely
sleep on the job as Israel is being
bludgeoned by Muslims and then go in and
destroy Gaza because they took the bait.
That is exactly what Sinoir wanted.
If you read his last letter,
which was published here not long ago
about the brutality that he wanted and the
rapes and the tortures and this sort of
thing,
what he wanted was to brutalize and ravage
Jews to the point
that he could count on them being so
angry that they would invade Gaza and
destroy it.
You say, well, why would he want that?
He was living in Gaza.
Because he knew that the sacrifice of ten
thousand Muslim lives in Gaza
would lead to the destruction of Israel
and to the deaths of millions of Jews.
And that is precisely what's happened.
Israel was played.
They took the bait.
They went into Gaza.
They killed tens of thousands of people.
They turned the entire enclave into a
demolition zone.
turned the entire world against them,
became a vassal of Donald J. Trump,
who is betraying them and abusing them as
we speak,
who's going to be the one who ultimately
sponsors the fake Islamic state of terror.
And this is what you're celebrating,
that you were played and that you isolated
yourself from the world and demonized
Israel such that the entire world turned
on you.
Yeah, globalize the IDF.
I don't see anything that the IDF is
doing other than other militaries do,
other than at least they're defending
their own country.
They're not actively putting boots into
Iran or, hey... No, no, no, wrong, wrong,
wrong.
Wrong.
Absolutely wrong.
They're not defending Israel and Gaza.
Not defending Israel and Gaza.
They're destroying Israel and Gaza.
They didn't defend Israel in Lebanon or in
Iran.
They damn near destroyed the country by
going to those places.
They are unwilling to identify the actual
enemy.
You want to defend Israel?
You need to know that your enemy is
Islam.
You want to have a weapon that you
can wield to protect Israel?
Read the five volumes of goddamn religion.
They're free at yadaya.com.
That is the only weapon that can be
wielded to protect and to spare and to
save Israel.
And if you want a defender of Israel,
set down the weapons and choose Yahweh.
Return to Yahweh and you will have the
defense that you need.
And if you want to know your enemy
and respond to your enemy in a way
that will destroy them,
read goddamn religion so that you know who
you're fighting against.
Because everything else they have done has
been counter to Israel's interest.
And it's so obvious.
The prophets spoke of it.
They said that we're entering a period of
the time of Israel's troubles where two
out of every three Jews are going to
die.
Where there are going to be so many
terrorists,
they're going to flood into Israel.
They can't be counted.
The entire hills,
everything of Israel is just going to look
like a wave of death.
This is what they're headed towards.
So no, they aren't defending Israel.
They're destroying Israel.
They can't even recognize what they've
actually done.
Correct.
They can't.
Listen,
the only military in the world that I
would support is the IDF, Israel.
It's the only country on earth that's
actually worth defending in this regard.
And I understand that they're surrounded
by two million Muslims who hate them.
But when you integrate Islam into your own
nation, when between Judea, Samaria, Gaza,
and Israel,
you have more Muslims than you have Jews,
and you celebrate that fact in direct
conflict with God's instructions to you,
and you brought this enemy inside,
and then when they attack you over and
over and over and over again,
you can't even bring yourself to identify
who the enemy is.
Ten-seven happened, October seventh.
I immediately recognized it was a
reenactment of Kabar.
Early morning attack on a Jewish farming
community.
with the Jews being murdered, enslaved,
plundered, raped, and tortured.
It's exactly what Muhammad did to Kabar
following the Treaty of Hudubayyah,
which is the single most important act in
Islam because it says that any agreement
between a Muslim and a non-Muslim is not
binding on the Muslim.
It's affirmed in the ninth surah of the
Quran.
And so that is what we witnessed,
and there wasn't a single person in Israel
that recognized it or responded
appropriately.
Yeah, you responded.
You wrote a letter to let them know
exactly what they needed to do,
laid things out, five points, very simply.
Yep, I did.
It's a hundred page letter that I wrote
on the morning of the ten seven of
twenty three and told Israel,
this is what you're going to do and
why it's going to fail.
And this is what you should do and
why it would succeed.
And I laid out each of the things
they needed to do if they were to
prevail against this enemy.
And I said,
but I don't think you're going to do
any of them.
But nonetheless,
I'm going to hold you accountable.
I'm going to lay them all on the
line.
Not only did I write the letter,
I included it in the first volume of
Goddamn Religion.
If you want to read it,
go to volume one of Goddamn Religion.
This happens to be volume three,
but the covers look very, very similar.
Go to yadaya.com.
Go to...
The volume one,
you'll find a chapter in there called at
war with religion.
That is my open letter to Israel.
And I did three or four comprehensive logs
on it immediately thereafter.
And and the morning of ten seven,
I had a discussion with the aforementioned
Yawa.
where I had already written Prophet of
Doom,
which is one of the most read books
in the world,
the most comprehensive analysis ever at
denunciating Islam and the Quran,
Allah and Muhammad.
And I was in the middle of writing
at the time about the destruction of Gaza
and Zephaniah that morning.
And I remember saying, oh God,
Yeah,
this is simply Muhammad reenacting Kabar.
This is exactly what you had your prophets
tell us was going to happen.
I know at this point,
the only answer for Israel happens to be
in Prophet of Doom, which I wrote.
Twenty four years ago.
And I knew that it was the only
book I hadn't rewritten.
You know,
every book I've gone back in history.
edited and rewritten eight or nine times.
Yeah.
Because we're constantly learning.
And as you learn,
you want to update with what you are
presenting.
And I remember how horrible writing about
Islam is.
The Quran is the worst book ever written.
Allah spends all of his time in hell.
Yeah.
Muhammad was a pedophile.
He was incestuous.
He was a rapist.
He was a ruthless terrorist.
It was, I mean, they,
Everything about Islam is revolting.
It is like going into hell.
And so I remember that morning I said,
yeah, you know,
I'm really happy continuing to write the
third volume of Coming Home and studying
and translating Dode's Mismore Psalms.
you don't really want me to have to
go back into an update to profit of
doom.
Do you?
I know I can't promote profit of doom
now because it's too outdated,
but you don't want me to write that.
Do you?
I don't want to do that.
Right.
What's he say?
I took care of you.
Now you take care of my people.
Yeah.
Okay.
You put it like that.
So I spent the next year.
I rewrote, uh,
Prophet of Doom.
It's now the five volumes.
They're eight hundred and twenty five
pages apiece.
And in them,
I analyze every word of the Koran,
every hadith that pertains to the time and
Mohammed's life that the Koran was
revealed.
I put the Koran in chronological order and
I prove that Islam is incompatible with
life,
that Allah's goal is the total genocide of
humanity.
And
And I also proved that the only reason
the Quran exists today is because Rabbi
sold Muhammad their Talmud stories.
And that's one of the bigger things that
comes out of the whole series because it
was touched upon
Originally through Prophet of Doom,
but I think after writing the Babylon
series and really getting into Judaism,
that you were able to see more of
that and to flesh it out more.
You've said the Quran was a pamphlet.
Nobody would have listened to it if it
wasn't for the stories out of Yathrib,
the Talmud stories.
Yeah, yeah.
Muhammad would have been a...
a flea on Genghis Khan's behind.
I mean,
Genghis Khan had far more religious texts,
far more glorious conquests and robbing
and plundering.
Genghis Khan and Kublai Khan and Tamerlane
after him were all vastly superior at what
Muhammad was good at, which was terrorism,
murder, armed robbery, that sort of thing.
And religious slogans to support armed
robbery and murder and that sort of thing.
And the only thing that made...
the Quran and Islam distinct from Genghis
Khan, Kublai Khan, Tamerlane, that ilk,
is that Jews in Yathrib, today's Medina,
sold Talmud readings from the Babylonian
Talmud that had been completed about a
hundred years earlier to Muhammad.
And he used them in the Quran.
He attributed them to Allah,
twisted them to suit his situation.
And when he stopped paying his bills and
the rabbi started mocking him,
He did what all psychopaths did.
He said, I kill you.
And he did.
And he perpetrated apartheid and then
genocide on the Jews of Arabia.
Every Jewish man and boy he murdered,
every Jewish woman he raped,
and every Jewish child he sold into
slavery.
And it is largely because rabbis...
created the Quran by selling Muhammad
Talmud stories.
That's the whole reason why there is an
Adam in the Quran.
It's why there is a story of Noah
in the Quran.
It's why Abraham is in the Quran.
It's why Ishaq and Ya'aqob and Ishmael and
Hagar and the whole lot,
the whole reason they're in the Quran,
why there's a mention of Solomon and Daud.
is because rabbis provided Muhammad with
the material and the parts that weren't
coming from the rabbis,
the parts in the last two surahs
chronologically that speak of a Esau,
which is Esau,
but now assumed to be Jesus.
is that somebody found a copy of the
Gospel According to Thomas,
and all of the stuff that's attributed to
Jesus in the Gospel of Thomas became the
references to Christianity,
although Muhammad being really stupid and
trying to combine the stories that he
bought from the rabbis and the stories
that he was hearing from the Gospel of
Thomas confused him.
Mary,
who's the only woman that's mentioned in
the Quran,
she's mentioned over and over again.
Of course, she never existed.
But there was a Mary.
And so because Miriam happened to be
Moshe's sister,
the embittered and rebellious one,
in the Quran,
it's Moshe's sister that is Jesus's
mother.
Just how stupid the book is.
But anyway, that's the story.
And if you want to be able to
destroy it,
Islam,
you have to start with those two scars
on the Temple Mount.
You begin by destroying the Dome of the
Rock and Alaska Mosque.
And until you do that,
tear down that boil and rid the world
of that mosque.
And until you do that, Israel,
your IDF is a waste of time.
You're offending God,
you're offending your Messiah,
you're offending me.
tear down that mosque do you want to
use the idf for something have the idf
due to uh the mosque and the shrine
what they did to gaza yeah it's six
hours of work they can take care of
that yes i'm all i'm all for it
if they don't i will yeah don't doubt
me i will okay
Oh, this is an interesting thing.
You can't go too far down or can't
read the top of it,
which is my comment on it.
But somebody was complaining that a lot of
Christians don't follow Christ.
They follow their church culture,
their pastor's opinion,
or whatever validates their bias.
And they call it God.
So I'm just here to tell you,
there was no Mr. Christ.
The whole thing is the bias of Paul.
He created Jesus in fifty two C.E.
And so the whole fraud is not what
the church is saying or what you think.
It is the entire Christian New Testament
is a fraud from beginning to end.
Jesus is a counterfeit.
He is the product of identity theft.
And you don't think so,
then you just go read the five volumes
of Twistianity.
Here you go.
There's a volume of Twistianity.
There are five of these.
They prove emphatically,
probably a thousand times over,
that Christianity is a fraud,
that Jesus never existed,
and that Christ is a counterfeit of David.
And then they do something better than
that.
They actually replace the lie with the
truth, so you might know it.
Let's be clear.
Jesus is not someone who ever lived.
It's a complete fabrication.
All right, sir, what do we have next?
Let's roll.
Oh, my.
Yeah, this I'm just really.
Yeah, I'm just so disappointed.
When Elon Musk was an entrepreneur.
You will find in the period when I
started on Facebook and on X,
back in January, December and January,
I wrote probably twenty articles in favor
of Elon Musk.
And I having been an entrepreneur,
having taken two companies public that I
founded and know the rigors of being an
entrepreneur and how difficult it is to be
inventive and to be successful with the
companies that are highly inventive.
I came to have tremendous respect for the
man because he pulled it off with Tesla.
He's since lost it,
but he pulled it off with Tesla initially
with SpaceX or SpaceX now has nowhere to
go.
And and I thought he was going to
do something extraordinary with X.
But X is now the worst of the
of the social media platforms in terms of
being able to effectively tell the truth.
And it's literally a cesspool of
anti-Semitism and racism,
and it's far worse than the mainstream
media.
So X has become, in my view,
a complete and utter failure.
We're here only because
our mission is to awaken the world to
the truth about yahweh to his beloved son
dote and to the possibility of salvation
by knowing them and responding to them so
no matter the level of abuse that the
stench of the swamp we're going to present
the truth there and knowing that it's
highly unpopular but
The fact of the matter is that on
a scale of one to ten,
in my view on DOGE,
the Department of Government Efficiency,
and I wrote this at the time,
that Elon was an absolute disaster.
Well,
the nation needed someone to do this job.
They needed someone with the discipline
and the acumen to understand the U.S.
Constitution and do the job appropriately.
And I'm not saying this as a Monday
morning quarterback.
I wrote this at the time and I
posted both on Facebook and X,
maybe fifty posts.
and saying,
you're making a bad situation worse with
all of the hype,
with your chainsaw and all of your
accusations.
You've accused person after person of
embezzling money,
and yet you're proving none of it.
You have absolutely no evidence that
you're showing.
You have no indictments.
You have no convictions.
You have nothing.
All you have is hype.
And when you have nothing but hype,
and then you pursue this,
not using Congress,
but you take on the same...
der Fuhrer mindset of Donald Trump and
think that America is a monarchy and that
you can do anything you damn well please,
as opposed to recognizing that Congress
has the responsibility for expenditures.
And so if you're going to expose fraud
and expenditures and the US government,
you have to work with Congress.
If you can't work with people,
then get out of government.
That was the job.
But for you to pretend that you could
do all of this as a CEO under
Trump's authority when the president does
not have budgetary authority under the
U.S.
Constitution,
I knew what he was doing was going
to be a disaster and that he would
make a bad situation worse by...
getting into something that desperately
needed to be done,
but by doing it the wrong way and
making himself out to be a fool and
be hated by the world,
that he was going to do untold damage
to his companies, which he did.
I mean,
Tesla right now is in free fall.
He not only did undue damage to himself,
destroyed his credibility in the process,
but now he ruined the whole idea of
finding government inefficiency because of
how big a mess this turned out to
be.
So pretending to be the elephant signal,
so representing the MAGAs, no,
he made a bad situation worse.
He was the Gaza invasion of the US
government.
Yeah, making the bed.
Folks aren't going to go along with this
sort of thing anymore because they can
look and say, well,
you had your best guy, Elon, on it,
and we got nowhere with it.
So what can anyone else do?
It was funny they were talking in terms
of millions and billions of the money that
Doge was finding.
And this is in terms of, what,
forty two trillion dollars of debt.
It's well,
thirty thirty eight trillion of federal
debt and then much more when you consider
state debt and and other things.
unpaid, unfunded mandates.
It gets into the hundreds of trillions,
but it's thirty eight trillion in terms of
the US sovereign debt.
But yes, what in the world is...
A billion dollars is a lot of money.
I assume I've never had... Well,
I did actually for a brief time.
I was a billionaire.
Come to think of it.
In fact, I hated it.
That brief exposure, I remember saying,
oh, no,
I've never been more vulnerable in my
life.
This is a really,
really uncomfortable position.
But billions...
uh in uh in the u.s government are
essentially nothing they're not even
rounding errors they're not even the
period at the end of a sentence and
the fact is that you can claim that
there are a lot of people receiving social
security benefits that are dead and that
uh you can claim that we're giving them
to illegal aliens and all that sort i've
got no problem with that purge the roles
of them but you have to be able
to do it such that you prove it
and that you rectify the situation through
Congress.
You don't just do what Trump does.
This is my sensational story for today.
I'll have a new one tomorrow.
Stay tuned.
We'll forget about this one because we'll
have a new one tomorrow.
Oh,
he relished in standing behind that podium
and reading off the list of seven people,
two hundred and three years old,
still receiving social.
Yeah.
Oh, absurd.
It's absurd.
Yeah.
Now, this is a disaster.
What I'm finding, though,
is that I don't know if it's well,
I would say I can't say I don't
know.
I do know.
Elon Musk announced about three weeks ago
that he was re-forming the way that X
operates and that Grok would be
responsible for reading every post on X
and then feeding you what Grok thinks you
want in your feed for you to respond
to,
which also means your feed is going to
be,
your comments are going to be distributed
as Grok sees fit.
And when that happened,
what I found is that I was inundated
with Musk telling us how wonderful he was.
The guy that says,
I don't care what you think about me.
I don't care about money.
You know, I don't want money.
I don't care.
I don't want money.
The guy that that groveled all over X
for the pay raise at Tesla.
I don't want money.
And I don't care what you think about
me.
The guy who is now dominating X,
who is using X as if it were
his publicist.
And that's what I'm dominated with.
And so what I'm seeing in Elon Musk
is the opposite of who he says he
is.
It's I'm looking at a absolute pure and
total hypocrite.
Sure.
Go ahead, sir.
Spin the wheel.
What do we come to?
Oh, yeah.
This is it shows that that.
as a man who suffers from Asperger's.
I don't know if you're familiar with
Asperger's, but Asperger's is,
they claim it's now on the autism
spectrum.
I disagree with that personally,
but Asperger's is named after the German
who studied it.
And it is a psychiatric disorder where the
person who has Asperger's has typically a
number of traits in common.
And the most common
concerning is a lack of empathy and that
somebody who has who does not lack who
lacks empathy has to project whatever they
want you to believe about them as they
they do not have the the normal human
response to right and wrong good and bad
And therefore,
he has to make up his own rules
and project what he has.
And when I see him following between two
Muslims,
what he is saying here is money means
more to me than morals.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, that's what it says.
We know.
And if he were a bright man,
he would know that Qatar and Saudi Arabia
have bribed Trump.
And that they have bribed universities and
they have bribed the influencers who
thrive on X. And that by doing so,
they are weakening and destroying the
United States.
And he is there seeing marching with them
because because of oil,
they have lots of money and he craves
money.
I see a hypocrite.
I see a man who doesn't have morality.
who claims it, but lacks it.
The guy has an electric car company.
I don't know what he's seeing and other
than money, right?
What he's seeing that he's gonna gain from
Saudi Arabia.
They're definitely not into the free
speech, free change of ideas.
You know,
so it's like Starlink means nothing to
them other than to use it as a
weapon.
And and SpaceX means nothing to them
unless it's going to be to lift satellites
into the air that will be used in
nefarious ways to kill more.
Certainly a company that floats on a sea
of oil and gas is not interested in
the inefficiency of an electric car.
So there is no natural affinity there.
But these Muslims that have all this
money, like Qatar and Saudi Arabia,
United Arab Emirates,
they love controlling social media
platforms and influencers.
And he happens to own one.
And therefore,
they're willing to send lots of money to
him.
And at this point,
he wants money for Gronk and for XAI.
And guess who's the primary financers?
These fellows right here.
That's right.
when he goes there's another article
further down where he he talks about um
the media and, and where, uh, how,
how they control the narrative and
everything.
And it was so strange because he's doing
precisely.
Yeah, no,
the narrative is now controlled by the
influencers on places like X. Oh, no,
don't tell him.
No, I want to get that.
I want to get that right, right,
right there.
Right there.
He's accused of the, uh, of the Nazi,
uh, salute right there.
Right.
I was the first to announce, uh,
And I will stand boldly behind this
proclamation.
In fact, both of these proclamations.
I'm the first to announce both of them.
First is Donald Trump is Der Fuhrer,
and that what he is establishing is the
Fourth Reich.
Nazi Germany was the Third Reich.
Born out of Imperial Rome,
metastasized as the Roman Catholic Church,
and then became the Marxists who spread
war around the world
under Adolf Hitler as the Third Reich.
Donald Trump is the Fourth Reich.
That arc that he is building,
signal of the Fourth Reich.
If you look at the podium that was
behind the dinner celebration with MBS in
Saudi Arabia last night,
it's got the Aquila, big and bold.
Not the presidential seal, the Aquila,
the Roman eagle.
He is building the Fourth Reich.
And the salute for the Fourth Reich is
not the outstretched flat hand.
The salute is the thing that was created
at that mock assassination attempt.
Right.
That is Donald Trump's salute.
And it has been the salute of MAGA
and Donald Trump as der Fuhrer of the
Fourth Reich government.
from the beginning.
He's got the salute wrong.
He needs to get it right.
He has time.
It looked like
being included with the MBS at the White
House and everything.
He got a pat on the back from
Trump as Trump walked by.
Oh, as he plotted him coming by,
plotting MBS and Trump as they came by.
And he got a pat on the back
from Trump.
Yeah, he's the furious pal again.
Without Elon Musk's three hundred million
dollars,
Donald Trump today is bankrupt and in
jail.
Yeah.
And Elon bought access to power and he
loved it.
That's why he's back.
And he's back.
All right, sir.
What do you have next?
Do you, Yada?
That's funny.
That whole theme,
that's not one of our best ones,
but it is certainly one of a hundred
or so that I've seen so far.
But I think that's primarily Leah and
Mariah that are responsible for doing
this.
And it is pretty amazing.
You can actually play this video.
You'll see Elon there,
and he's the one that's clapping.
There he is.
You go for it there, Elon.
You are responsible.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
You're responsible for... Anyway,
that poem was a little loud,
by the way.
But anyway, you're responsible for it.
You might as well revel in it and
accept responsibility.
And I don't want this to be rag
on Elon moment,
but it is essential that people get a
understanding of what's happening here
because X is being used now to promote
the myth of Elon Musk.
And you wonder why it has turned to
that?
This man that says,
I don't care what you think about me.
The reason it's turned to that is he's
in a world of hurt right now.
Yeah, you say, oh,
he's worth the five hundred billion
dollars.
First one ever to reach that plateau.
Tesla is a dying company.
They can't give away their flagship,
which is the Cybertruck.
They've got eight hundred million of them
in stale inventory and there's nothing
they can do to resolve that problem.
And they're essentially shutting down the
manufacturing plant that they spent
hundreds of billions of dollars and
special batteries for that Cybertruck
because nobody wants them.
And then you've got the fact that he
built a huge factory in China and it's
gone from twenty something percent market
share in China down to like four.
He's got his head handed to us in
China and there's nothing to do with that
factory.
He can't make make anything in that
factory that people want to buy in China.
And then you look at his sales in
Europe and they've fallen in eighty to
ninety percent since his stunt with Donald
Trump.
And then you look at Tesla overall.
If it wasn't for this last quarter where
it was the last vestige of the seventy
five hundred dollar federal incentives to
buy an EV because they're not worth
anything.
Otherwise,
there'd be no reason that you'd buy one.
It is it's a spiral down.
And the stock is priced at three hundred
times earnings, which is ten times.
I mean,
Apple is hugely profitable and growing and
stable and has defensible positions.
And Apple only trades at thirty times
earnings.
It's trading at three hundred times
earnings and its EV market is evaporating
and its gross margins on its vehicles are
less than half of what they were two
years ago.
And so what he's selling now is hype.
That's why he's selling Optima as the
solution.
Oh, we're going to end poverty.
We're going to end all healthcare
problems.
We're going to be the fountain of
everlasting life because you'll be able to
put your consciousness in an Optima of
your choice.
It'll follow you around and keep you from
doing crime.
We'll end poverty.
It's all a complete farce.
No, none of that is going to happen.
And he knows it's not going to happen,
but that's all he's got to sell now
is the hype of Optima.
You look at SpaceX,
there's nowhere to go with it.
We're never going to the Mars.
If we were to land a person on
Mars, it would be to kill them there.
It would be nothing but a vanity project
to have, say, we landed people on Mars,
and if they survived the journey...
But fifty fifty,
maybe if they survive the landing,
maybe worse than fifty fifty.
As long as we don't go between there
is imperial.
There is zero.
Yeah, I know.
There is zero possibility that they will
get off that Mars and return here.
Mars is a death zone.
Everything in Mars works against life.
Existing there,
you would be if you want to have
a place that is protected from all the
ravages that are going across this country
and this world,
either build something under the sea or
under the ground.
You got a boring company.
Dig a big hole.
And you don't have all of the problems.
Bezos said the other day they need to
move the AI centers to the moon.
And I'm like,
the whole point of the moon is to
keep the asteroids from hitting the earth.
Look at that thing.
It's full of craters.
It's not safe.
No, it's not.
It's just astonishing.
But he's in trouble because his whole
world now is based on hype and there
is no rationality to it at all.
It's like the whole Bitcoin thing.
It's based strictly on hype.
In fact, the U.S.
dollar, the U.S.
economy is based on hype and belief, too.
There's no substance to it.
to any of these things anymore.
And so maybe by being in politics,
he's realized, well, you know,
the dollar's actually a liability and yet
people think it has value.
Maybe I can do the same thing with
my companies.
Oh, I think he's well aware of that.
He has been for some time.
You know,
the only reason after fifty years, Kevin,
we're going back to the moon?
Only one reason.
Do you know what it is?
Keep China off?
Well, no, China is going to the moon.
And so just like we spent a fortune
to beat the Russians to show, well,
those commies, they can't beat us.
We're capitalists.
They can't beat us, those godless commies.
We're going to show them.
And so we beat them to the moon.
And once we beat them to the moon,
we looked around and said, well,
there's no commies here.
What are we doing?
Which has disbanded the program and
haven't gone back in fifty three years.
And the only reason there's any interest
now is the Chinese are developing really
effective rockets.
I have a wonderful space station now.
And and so the Chinese are have announced
they're.
going to the moon,
put people on the moon.
And so, oh, well, you know,
those are godless commies.
We got to beat them.
And that's the whole reason we're going to
the moon.
No other reason.
And because there are no godless commies
trying to go to Mars,
it would only be a vanity project.
It would never receive funding.
It's probably a trillion dollar project.
And it would have to be funded as
literally a vanity project to do it
because everything about Mars is death.
Yeah,
the most expensive funeral in history.
It would be the most expensive.
He says he wants to die there.
I mean, it'd be pretty easy.
Listen, to go and crash on Mars,
no problem at all.
He could do that for a lot less
than a billion or a trillion.
Well,
it's interesting you were talking about
the net worth.
It's not like Elon has that in a
checkbook, a bank account.
It's this valuation of all his companies.
All his stock,
which are selling at ridiculous multiples,
fantasy multiples, absurd multiples.
And he loses...
he leverages those two banks that actually
give him money to do projects like i
want to go buy x so yeah i
need forty five uh million dollars let me
go to a billion dollars let me go
to this bank and we'll we'll give you
so many shares of x or however they
work that out um he's probably well at
three hundred times very very over
leveraged
Yes.
And it's going to collapse.
And it's going to collapse soon.
I don't know if it's within a year
or within two years,
but it's going to collapse soon.
And one of the reasons that we know
it's going to collapse is that Donald
Trump is up to his eyeballs in Bitcoin.
His Bitcoin are funded by the same cast
of characters here,
Pakistan plus United Arab Emirates plus
Qatar and Saudi Arabia.
And it's the ultimate scheme.
We identified twenty billion dollars worth
of bribes that Trump and company had taken
in the first month of his presidency and
in the months that led up to it.
But the Bitcoin thing was way bigger than
all of that.
And his scheme is that he wants to
replace the US deficit and replace the Fed
with Bitcoin.
And so it will destroy everyone's savings.
It will destroy all stock value.
It will destroy the dollar.
The dollar will be replaced with Bitcoin,
which is an electronic currency that has
no intrinsic value that you establish a
value for.
And that's what he's going to do.
He is going to become the central bank
of the United States through a Bitcoin
swap, which will bankrupt everybody,
including Elon's five hundred billion
dollar shares are going to be worth
nothing.
The shares will be worth nothing.
Folks that have dollars, savings,
banks are worth nothing,
but their debts also go away.
That's right, that's right.
For most Americans,
that's a favorable trade,
which is why they will accept it because
the great reset,
and this is gonna be the Bitcoin recess,
It does two things.
It says that since your debt is in
dollars, your debt is forgiven.
It goes away.
He doesn't have it anyway.
It'll ruin all the banks.
But what does he care?
He is replacing the banks with his own
central Bitcoin repository.
So for the average American that is, oh,
five hundred thousand dollars in debt and
and has no chance to get out between
what they owe for their homes,
what they own on their credit cards,
what they owe for their cars and that
sort of thing.
The average American is five hundred
thousand dollars in debt and they making
fifty,
sixty thousand dollars a year per
household with then taxes and everything
else and expenses.
They have no way to get out from
that.
That ultimately telling them, well,
your debts are all forgiven.
All you have to do is accept my
new electronic currency.
It's a done deal.
That is exactly what he is proposing,
and that's why it will be accepted by
many people.
Yeah.
You have to be careful, too,
because it really isn't a...
a hedge against this because the Bitcoin,
for example, it has no intrinsic value.
It only is worth what people will pay
you for it.
So it has no intrinsic value.
And so that's not really a hedge.
Gold has always been a hedge against
inflation.
And you have China buying enormous amounts
of gold because they're using gold to
replace the reserve currency status of the
United States.
Should gold be sold to finance this
Bitcoin transaction,
it will destroy the value of gold.
So there really isn't a hedge against it.
I'm just telling you that we're going to
have economic collapse and it will happen
certainly within the next five years.
If you have a good company that provides
something, food,
lumber a commodity type thing it works
really well because you now have your
means of production free and clear that
that you can still continue to i mean
if you're an oil company you don't have
any debt anymore no it doesn't no because
there's no currency there's no uh
transaction uh no one to no one to
no one to buy it the economies are
are destroyed
So it is economic chaos.
And in economic chaos,
it doesn't matter what you make,
you can't sell it.
It's the end of the world as we
know it in terms of economic chaos.
But that's where we're headed.
And yeah, I was very clear.
We know we have less than eight years
left and the world completely falls apart
over that period of time.
There's economic collapse and military
destruction.
The United States in particular,
it's called out and says that it's going
to be as if Sodom and Gomorrah with
the brimstone falling from the sky.
It sounds like nuclear holocaust to me.
I don't plan on being here.
No.
I'm not going to be here for it
either.
All right, sir.
Well,
this is another post of Vladimir Putin.
And I watched, Rich will know this,
but at the end of the day,
you know,
I put in typically a fourteen hour day.
And by the time it's over,
so I started about five thirty in the
morning,
I finished at seven thirty at night.
I guess it's a two hour day if
you don't count the intervening twelve.
But at the end of it,
the next two hours,
I watch news programs and I happen to
like YouTube because it tailors the things
that it brings up to your viewing habits.
And so I see a lot of things
that are interesting to me in terms of
people talking about things that they know
a lot about.
And one of them was last night.
the inevitability of Germany leaving NATO
and leaving the EU.
The United States wanted Germany to be
part of NATO and part of the EU
because it is the principal finance
mechanism and an industrial engine for
both of them.
So it has propped up and paid for
the indulgences of Europe and of NATO.
And it did so out of the guilt
of having lost the last two world wars.
So they were using, oh,
so much money you want, okay.
So it's just driven by guilt.
Germans were played by the United States
into funding the EU and funding NATO.
But the Germans have finally said,
I wasn't there when we did those stupid
things.
And this is really stupid.
We don't have a war.
We don't have a reason to go to
war against Russia.
And the last couple of times we're at
war with Russia,
it really didn't turn out very well for
the Germans.
So let's just not do that again.
That's really stupid.
The Russians are willing to sell us
inexpensive oil.
We can heat our homes.
We can run our factories.
Why don't we do that instead of building
weapons and yelling at them and
threatening them,
which was a really bad idea the last
times we've tried to do it.
And so you've got Germans now waking up
and saying,
what in the world are we doing as
part of the EU?
What are we doing as part of NATO?
And the fact of the matter is Germans
are hugely better off
if they stop funding the failures and
indulgences of the European Union and the
stupidity of NATO.
NATO is lost.
NATO has squandered everything in its
proxy war using Ukraine against Russia,
and they lost.
They didn't just lose a little bit.
It's overwhelming.
And I've been saying this now, oh,
goodness, since January.
And I've been posting about this to say
that there is a zero percent possibility
that the Ukraine is going to prevail in
this war.
Even with fullback in the United States
and NATO and the EU and UK,
it's not going to happen.
Russia will prevail.
And now it's overwhelming.
I mean,
now it's a complete and utter rout.
And there's essentially nothing left to
surrender.
so i've been saying this for a long
time and now it is that it is
so obvious we're beginning to see other
people saying yeah i think that not only
is that true but uh this has been
so disastrous for nato nato uh may well
crumble and uh germany may leave the eu
and nato and that's what he's saying uh
what putin is saying here you know what
in the world are is germany doing as
part of these things it is so much
better in the interest of germany
to capitalize on the pipeline.
It's still operational Nord Stream,
and it can provide gas for Germany to
run its factories.
Germany is in real trouble right now in
terms of its prime manufacturing.
Its auto manufacturing companies are
desperate.
There is a likelihood that we're going to
see the big German manufacturers
essentially go bankrupt over the next
year.
In fact,
I don't know if you know it,
The automobile industry, even in America,
is on the cusp of destruction.
We have higher new car inventory at
dealers than any time in the history of
the automobile.
And it is almost twice what it has
been previously.
And it is exceedingly destructive.
People aren't buying automobiles because
of a number of things.
One is the interest rates have gone way
up on the loans.
And number two,
the cars have become prohibitively
expensive.
And number three,
they have gone because of the government
mandates,
government gerrymandering of the system to
making a disproportionate number of
electric vehicles.
And people don't want electric cars.
They just are a lousy value and they
don't perform well.
And so you've got way too many electric
vehicles on the lots that are on selling
six, nine months of inventory.
wow and uh and so it's not just
tesla that has uh uh eight hundred billion
seven eight hundred million dollars worth
of uh of cyber trucks it's the entire
industry right now is in is in terrible
trouble particularly the electric vehicle
part of it and so what he's saying
here uh why not why not just do
business together and stop killing one
another
Yeah, they're both democratic.
This is capitalist.
What can you possibly have against it?
yeah well the politicians that want war
because without war they're out of office
that's why trump is going to continue to
fan the flames of war it's why he's
got the u.s navy uh and the marines
all over uh venezuela uh is that's why
he was in the white house today talking
about putting the marines in in los
angeles and uh and he had his secretary
of war henson saying that uh
We know who you are.
We're going to track you down.
We're going to kill you.
You know, you're the enemy of America.
He's talking about drug dealers.
I mean,
drug dealers are drug dealers for only two
reasons.
One is that we outlawed something.
And when you outlaw something,
it's like prohibition and alcohol.
What you do is you you enrich the
people who will provide what other people
want.
And so we did that by making drugs
illegal.
I don't do drugs.
It's a coffee and I'll have a glass
of wine and an occasional beer,
but I don't do drugs.
I've never done cocaine in my life.
I don't do marijuana.
I don't do any drugs.
I like life and I'm happy with the
life the way it is.
I don't need drugs.
I just don't do them.
And I know that drugs are hard to
kick,
so it's much easier not to do them
than I just have to figure out how
to get off of them.
And
But what my view on drugs is,
they all should be legal and stupid.
And when you make it illegal,
you create an illicit market.
And the reason that there are drug sellers
in America, they're not terrorists.
They're doing a business.
And is the business deadly?
Yes.
But the problem isn't the drug dealer.
It's the drug user.
This is our problem.
And so long as we have addicts on
drugs,
They're going to buy the drugs.
So you can't go to war and claim
that you're defending America by killing
drug dealers.
And you can't use the military to do
it.
But that's what he had his press
conference today on is using the military
to go into America's cities,
possibly blue cities,
starting with probably Los Angeles.
And he's going to declare war.
against,
we know who you are and we're coming
to get you and we're gonna kill you.
And it's also a prelude to backtracking,
kept on talking south of the border,
south of the border.
Trump announced two days ago that he
wanted to bomb Mexico.
And he said, would I do it?
Absolutely, I wanna bomb Mexico.
And he wants to invade Venezuela and he's
giving the exact same false pretense.
I mean,
almost none of our drugs come from
Venezuela anyway,
and you don't solve
the drug problem by killing the drug
suppliers.
You solve it by
causing people that are using them to stop
using them.
That's how you solve the problem,
is you help the people that are abusing
them get off of them,
and you clean up the supply so that
there are no drug smugglers.
And we're not willing to do those kinds
of things, so that's our problem.
And he wants to pretend that the people
who supply drugs are narco-terrorists.
There's no such thing.
I mean, none.
They have no idea,
no interest whatsoever in terrorism.
No, not in terrorism.
Drug dealers only kill other drug dealers
for the market.
Correct.
For the turf.
For the turf, yeah.
Right.
And if you're going to say that's
terrorism, well,
a terrorist killing a terrorist should be
a good thing then.
We should thank them for doing it.
No, it's total nonsense.
And yet you have MAGA.
Yeah, yeah, that's my guy.
That's what I voted for.
Give people a reason to live something to
live for.
And we've killed countless people on
twenty vessels and we it's just flat out
murder.
And we're the Trump administration is
celebrating.
Mm hmm.
Oh,
and we don't know who's in those boats.
I mean, even if they have drugs,
you don't know it's not a fisherman that,
hey, I can't fish.
So what?
Yeah.
So what if they're filled with drugs?
If you have one of those go fasts
that is somewhere off the coast of
Venezuela,
do you know how many times it would
have to stop and refuel before it got
to American waters?
Like ten.
No, you have absolutely no jurisdiction,
no right.
It's just flat out murder,
just as is the shakedown of Venezuela.
It's a crime by any standard.
But when Trump made the decision...
that he would back down and I came
to the conclusion he would back down
because the vote was going to happen and
the vote was gonna be veto proof.
So he figured, well,
I'm gonna lose the vote,
so I might as well get ahead of
this thing.
And the vote was what we had one
person vote against the release of the
Epstein files.
Just overwhelming, essentially unanimous.
And so what Trump realizes is that he
is so good at being bad
And he is so good at the confusion
of chaos,
of every day having something else.
Like for example,
if the Marines are killing Americans under
the pretext of narco-terrorism in Los
Angeles,
That nobody cares about.
That is correct.
And no one's going to give a hoot
about the it's just background noise.
If you invade Venezuela, for example,
it's just background noise.
And so he realizes that he has every
possibility of distraction.
You force Israel to to give up a
Islamic state.
to the Fakistanians,
that news is going to be front page.
In fact,
he just did a deal where he's giving
F-Thirty-Fives to the Saudi Arabians.
Who's the enemy of Saudi Arabia besides
Israel?
And so he gave F-Thirty-Fives to Saudi
Arabia.
He gave all the technology necessary to
build nuclear plants.
Now,
why would a country that floats on a
sea of oil want to spend the money
to have atoms boil water if they didn't
want the daughter products of that nuclear
plant,
which is what you use to make a
nuclear bomb?
We want to be in the club.
Yeah.
We want to be in the nuclear club.
And he agreed to sell them that.
And then because, well,
Islam dumbs people down.
What do they need?
Artificial intelligence.
He sold them the keys to the artificial
intelligence kingdom.
That's why Musk was at the gala.
So there you go.
We're putting America in a very bad
position,
and all Trump's going to do is the
three things he does exceedingly well.
One is chaos.
There'll be so many chaotic things that
are going to be said and done when
those files are released that it'll be
impossible for anybody to focus on the
files.
The second thing is he denies.
There has never been a person who denies
more
vocally more effectively than does Trump.
You know, here he is.
He's got the birthday card and it's got
his signature on the bottom of it.
He said, not my signature.
Yeah.
When the Wall Street Journal,
which it was, said that, well,
in the book, we have seen it.
It happens to be a drawing that that
Trump drew, signed and put in there that,
you know, we'll keep our secret secret.
And he said, no, it's not true.
It's not in there.
No such thing.
They published it.
And he says, well, it's not my signature.
He is really good at denying the obvious.
And unfortunately, people believe him.
And number three.
No one has ever been more vicious at
turning the tables and attacking others.
And so he is the most vicious.
I call him the Hannibal Lecter of
politics, a cannibal.
He will eat everyone.
And so he is really good at those
three things,
which makes him exceedingly effective at
overcoming the Epstein files.
I mean, listen.
He is the literal incarnation of Satan,
according to the prophets,
something we have proved.
So wouldn't you expect him to be all
of these things and worse?
And worse.
Yeah.
All right.
Going on to the next one?
Oh, absolutely.
Yeah, that's not the Antichrist there.
That's not even the boogeyman.
All right.
So this one says religion.
They will ruin your whole life to ensure
afterlife for which they have no proof at
all.
This is the essence, of course, of Islam,
but it is also prevalent in Christianity.
You be timid now.
You let us control you.
Let us fleece you.
And the return for you,
if you allow us,
if you're meek and you allow us to
control you and fleece you, or in Islam,
you do what we tell you and you
go off and kill and rob everybody we
tell you to go off and kill and
rob,
is you're going to have an eternity in
paradise.
It's always eternal.
sacrifice this life for the next one.
And of course,
there is no next one for anyone who
is religious.
And it is the bane of religion.
The religious rob all of those who are
gullible of their liberty,
of their livelihoods, of their lives.
In this life, they give them nothing.
Yeah, and they give them nothing for it.
So it's a great travesty.
There is, by the way, a God.
Yahweh is his name.
We do represent him.
And if you want to know him,
go to yadaya.com.
Absolutely.
This world is.
This is apropos.
Yeah.
This is Carl Sagan.
He was a very, very smart man.
And he says,
I don't want to believe I want to
know.
And that really became the entire modus
operandi of these thirty five books I have
written.
Absolutely.
That title right there,
Yada means to know.
And I began the first book in the
first series.
In fact, this happens to be it.
And I actually began it by saying,
I want you to check your beliefs at
the door.
Mm hmm.
In fact, if you have beliefs,
they're going to be a hindrance going
forward.
Please discard them.
And if you can't discard your beliefs,
then you just better not go forward
because those people who believe are not
subject to the benefit of evidence and
reason.
They will always allow their beliefs to
somehow show a little wall between them
and evidence and reason.
And so Carl Sagan is saying here,
I don't want to believe,
I want to know.
And my response is that knowing is
infinitely better than believing.
And when you know,
you would not ever have any reason to
believe.
When people said, what do you believe?
I don't,
I either know or I don't know.
But there is something that is infinitely
superior to knowing,
which most scientists have never grasped
hold of,
the thing that scholars miss as well.
And it's the very thing that causes AI
not to be all that intelligence.
and that is understanding.
is infinitely superior to knowing.
And to understand, yeah, to understand,
you must make the appropriate connections,
finding the common denominators between
the things that you have filtered out and
discerned are true and the things that you
have put in the other category as false
and combining the things that make sense
within those two categories to come to
understand why things are wrong and why
things are true.
And if you can move to that point,
then you are infinitely superior to the
person that believes by the square of
infinite.
I think it's infinitely better.
Yeah,
I think it's why Dode says the Taurus
easy for the open-minded.
Yeah, if I were to, and I have,
That happens to be the the the nineteenth
Mismore or song dotes big on the nines.
The nineteenth,
the the ninety first and the hundred
nineteenth are the are the three most
important songs.
And of course,
there's also the eighty ninth,
which I wrote about him.
What?
I first translated that and up maybe to
this point.
I've always considered that something to
which I quibbled with.
I do not think that understanding is easy.
I think it's hard.
I think knowing is hard work.
And I think understanding is even more
laborious.
It's an enjoyable undertaking,
but here I've been doing it now for
twenty four years,
twelve to fourteen hours a day,
six and seven days a week.
There is nothing easy about it.
You think something is easy and you write
thirty five books and many of them are
eight hundred and twenty five pages where
you write,
you create your own amplified translation
and in an innovative style that no one
has done before.
And
You strip all the words of the religious
trappings,
and then you deduce tens of thousands of
insights from them by making the proper
connections.
There's no part of that that's easy.
That's a lifetime of dedicated work.
What I actually think that Dode means,
and I'll have to pursue this further,
is that up to this point,
for the first twenty-four years of my life
with Yahweh as I began to write these
books and devoted myself to understanding
what He was offering and expecting from us
in return.
It was hard work,
but we developed this huge foundation,
twenty-five thousand pages of translations
and insights,
and now a thousand audio programs.
Something happened about
beginning about a year ago and has
accelerated in the last six months.
And what it is is that after having
built this foundation and coming to know
the players in God's story and how he
is telling his story and how he has
laid it out from the beginning,
now I can read something like today.
I had one of the most profound revelations
of my life.
One so profound that when we started to
do this show earlier before lunch, I said,
quite frankly,
I don't think I'm in the right frame
of mind to do it because I'm just
too amazed by what I just encountered.
One of the greatest discoveries of my
life.
And it is something that I had translated
scores of times, and I never saw it.
And isn't until you develop this huge
reservoir of not only knowing and
understanding,
and you really become familiar with the
story that Yahuwah is telling and how he's
telling it,
that you're in a position to see the
interconnection between things.
And the one I'm talking about today is
the story of the Choder and Yahshua Isaiah
eleven.
It's the story of the tree of knowledge
in Genesis bar Rashi too.
It's exactly the same person,
the same entity, the same essence.
That's why it's an etzah.
The fourth on the list of benefits of
the spirit is etzah.
Etzah is a tree, etzah is a tree.
And it's the tree of what?
Well,
the sixth of the spiritual benefits is
diath.
You know what diath is?
It's the etz of diath.
That's the tree of knowledge that's
planted in the garden.
And oh, by the way,
according to what was written in Yahshua,
and spoken by Yahweh,
that etz tree of diath, of knowledge,
is parah.
is productive,
it is the fruitful and productive.
And so you see these things,
so wait a minute,
it's the exact same story.
He chose the same verb, which is nuach,
to spiritually settle down and remain with
Adam and with the choter.
And the entire story of the garden,
the central figure and the story of the
garden isn't Yahweh, it's not Adam.
It's not Chawa.
It's not the serpent.
It's the damn tree.
And so the Choter,
it's not a messianic figure.
As the mother goddess posted the other day
that their chat box said, oh, no,
it's a messianic reference.
It can't be to this fellow Craig Wen
Yada.
It's a damn tree.
It's the tree of knowledge.
And you know why the children is the
tree of not free of knowledge is the
star player.
And the Bobby sheets account of the garden
is because without that tree of knowledge,
no one is ever going to recognize or
find or benefit from the tree of lives.
And the tree of lives is dove.
God's most important story.
So that's, there we have it.
Yeah.
All right.
So knowing and understanding does become
easier.
The more you know and understand,
the easier it is to know and understand.
So maybe that's what Dode meant.
Otherwise,
I was going to pick a fight with
him and say, man, pal,
this was not easy for you because I
read what you've written and it's not been
easy for me.
So why did you say it was easy?
And now I think I understand.
Maybe it was just for those of us
that just have to read the books and
not write the books.
Okay.
Well, maybe that's true.
When we stand on shoulders of giants,
it makes things a little easier.
Yeah.
And we can be simpler.
Speaking of shoulders of leaders,
do you know that in the –
Baba Rashid's account,
this would be after Yahweh speaks of the
two trees.
It's a great crescendo up to the moment
of the two trees,
of the tree of the knowledge of good
and evil, and then the tree of lives.
There is a break before he puts Adam,
Nuach, into the garden.
And the break goes from ten to fourteen
and the second chapter.
Do you know what it's speaking of?
It says it speaks of a river singular,
a source of water.
Of course,
that source of water is directly related
to the Adam of Parah.
That's during the sacrifice that God's
going to release torrents of subterranean
water underneath the Temple Mount to purge
the religiosity of the adulterous woman
that is Israel, the remnant.
But then it says it's divided,
that this whole process is divided into
four.
Does it say four rivers?
Yes.
I always thought it did.
It'd give names.
No, it doesn't.
I did too.
It doesn't.
It says four Rosh, four leaders.
Oh, yeah.
And we say the heads of the rivers,
but no, it's just Rosh.
Four leaders, Rosh.
And those four leaders, the four names,
Moshe, Dod, Elia, and Yadah.
Wow.
Now,
I have the whole thing queued up and
we're going to do a program or programs
on it.
But the interesting thing is that he
defined Moshe as the man that was
surrounded by that which is cantankerous
and embittered, defining the Exodus.
He defines Elia as a sarcastic prick.
Now, by the way,
that sounds like a pejorative in English
because we identify the prick with a piece
of anatomy.
That's not how it is being identified by
Yahweh.
A prick is like a thorn,
something that you would poke holes in
something,
and a thorn that you would irritate,
and a thorn that you'd make a hedge
to barricade because...
He was the guy that pierced holes in
the religiosity and the political nature
of Israel.
And he's gonna do so again,
and he did so with very sarcastic delivery
of words.
So it was offered as a tremendous
compliment.
And you know how he defines that last
guy?
He's the .
He's the fruitful and productive bull.
That's the last of the rivers.
So yeah,
the so-called rivers that flow out, no,
they're not rivers at all.
It's the four characters in God's story.
And so you're looking at this and say,
oh my God,
he is just so good at telling his
story.
And then the story that follows happens to
be of the meltdown of Chawa and her
wanting to be, guess what?
What did she want to be?
She wanted to be a goddess.
Yeah, she wanted to be a goddess.
And what is it that brought us back
to all of this?
The Mother Goddess cult.
The MGC.
Yeah, they sure did.
And so it turns out that the story
of Chawa happens to be prophetic of the
story of the Mother Goddess cult.
Wow.
And then as much as I was kicking
myself all around the lot today, man,
I was so upset with myself.
How in the world could you have...
presented this position on the choder so
many times.
And here it just came up.
The Mother Goddess cult presented it based
upon the analysis of a chat bot as
it's a messianic claim and it's claimed by
Jesus and it's a messianic claim.
It cannot be yada.
And so I'm dealing with what it actually
says.
And here I find out that it is
the tree of knowledge that they're
coveting.
And guess what?
uh chawa covered and they coveted in the
garden not she wanted to be a goddess
and she wanted to control the tree of
knowledge and why did satan want her to
control the uh the tree of knowledge
because if he could control and preempt
the tree of knowledge no one would ever
find or return to the tree of lives
we'd all be dead wow and so i
was realizing well the reason
that you were retarded,
developmentally disabled is the
appropriate term, I guess, in my case,
and did not figure this out for twenty
four years,
is that if you had figured that out
twenty four years ago,
there never would have been.
a mother goddess cult.
There would never have been a fracture in
the family.
They wouldn't have positioned all of these
things.
And then Jan was said,
but wait a minute, I wrote about it,
you know, and, and, uh, numbers, uh,
I told you the whole story of Miriam
and her rebellion and how she would
attack, uh,
Moshe's wife and then claim to speak for
God.
And what I, I, you know,
I don't want to, I, you,
I don't want to waste the material
material.
I told this whole story on Shawa this
way just so that you could repudiate them.
I don't want to waste this material.
So, man, you can't know too soon.
And oh, by the way,
I want you to feel the sting of
a fractured family because you can't be
part of the family and do this job
until you have some empathy for what I've
endured.
Right.
And what Moshe and Dode have endured.
So, oh, by the way,
you need to experience this.
And now I'm giving you the ammunition to
refute it.
So that's why I was developmentally
delayed and being able to figure it out.
Just the right timing.
Profound.
So, Carl, I know.
And if you were to read Yada Yawa,
you would know, too.
Uh-huh.
yeah i think we've pretty much uh done
uh elon uh here we don't need to
uh do any more of uh of elon
i just love this image because isn't that
exactly how you would have pictured the
antichrist the uh corporeal manifestation
of satan doesn't that just with all the
light on him and the dark the lighting
exactly surrounded yeah surrounded by all
of that gaudiness isn't that and pictures
of dead men
Isn't that exactly as you would have
pictured the Torahless one?
And here we are.
I mean,
we are the first to identify Donald Trump
as the Antichrist.
Yeah,
I know there's somebody that participates
in these programs that says that, no,
there was a street preacher that...
Didn't write, I don't think,
but he said in his first term that
Donald Trump was the Antichrist.
He had no clue as to why.
He just read that there were traits.
The Torahless one,
the great betrayer of Israel,
the corporal manifestation of Satan is
presented as egomaniacal.
And so he said, well,
you can't be a bigger narcissist than
Trump, so it probably is Trump.
He had no idea about the Godish comb
over here,
the fact that ultimately he'll be in a
wheelchair,
that he is a man that's very long
in days, and that's very old,
that he would work through a ten-nation
confederacy,
that he would be the one who ultimately
betrays Israel,
and that his timing had to be concurrent
with the fulfillment of Shabuwa.
And all of the other traits that,
for example,
that he would be a confabulator and have
no regard whatsoever for,
for integrity.
And at the time,
we didn't know that Donald Trump was
grossly immoral,
which is Satan's trademark.
He likes sexual perverts.
That's why he chose Muhammad.
That's why he chose Paul.
And so Satan has a type.
He didn't know any of that.
So he knew, you know,
one percent of what we know.
We have correctly not only identified and
we've proved that this is this is the
man with every day,
with every time he opens his mouth.
He affirms that.
I went from being exceedingly nervous
about talking about the obvious,
because it's obvious in Yahshua, Isaiah,
and in Daniel, and in Ezekiel,
that he is the copper con.
He is the copper con of Ezekiel,
who does all the measuring for the grand
edifices that Satan wants to build for his
naming rights.
And it was so obvious that...
It was Donald Trump.
And so I began to talk about this
the night of his election on November
fourth of last year,
now a little over a year ago.
But it became exceedingly uncomfortable
because the man was seventy nine years
old.
And you're saying, wait a minute,
how in the world can a seventy nine
year old man survive the next eight years
to fulfill these prophecies when it looks
like he's falling apart?
And so it became really nervous to make
that kind of a pronouncement because you
don't want to be wrong and misinterpret
the prophets.
But with every day, every day, every word,
every disaster, every move, every bribe,
every lie,
every new affirmation of sexual
perversity.
That man right there is the corporeal
manifestation of Satan.
He is the one that the prophets foretold.
Yeah, it does.
It becomes more and more clear.
Obvious.
All right, sir.
What do you have as a next one
here?
The greatness of grok.
Well, the greatness of rock.
Yeah.
This, uh, uh, what this is, uh, um,
A guy decided he's got his death stake.
And I still am just totally horrified that
the two point five billion people would
rally around a the image of a dead
God on a stick.
that a dead God on a stick would
be their, that'd be their symbol.
Yep, we love our God tortured,
we like him dead.
So we're going to take the Roman death
stick,
the beast that is presented in Daniel as
being the most vicious in the world
history.
We're gonna take their most vicious
torture implement
And we're going to make that our symbol.
And we're going to claim that God became
a man and that these men killed him
on that stick.
And that stick then is going to be
the symbol of our religion.
And they're going to use that religion to
oppose the religion where Allah is
actually Satan.
It's just astonishing how stupefying
religion becomes.
And
them coming to conflict in all places,
Dearborn, Michigan at this time,
over what?
Well, the fact is that in Dearborn,
Michigan,
you have a majority now or certainly a
large percentage of Muslims,
and they are praying in the streets.
They are threatening their same death to
Jews and that their religion will conquer
America.
They're quite belligerent there in
Michigan.
This is not new.
No, it's interesting that, by the way,
that Michigan was the swing state that
ultimately catapulted Trump into the White
House.
And the interesting thing about that is
that, of course,
Elon Musk spent a lot of money there.
But the reason that Michigan carried the
day for Trump is that Muslims were told
to vote for him.
The Saudi Arabians and the Kuwaitis and
United Arab Emirates had
funded the Muslims in Wisconsin and in
Michigan and told them to vote for Trump
because they knew they had bribed him.
And that's the reason Donald Trump was
elected is in support.
He got the support of the Muslim vote.
He had the overwhelming preponderance of
the Muslim vote in Washington.
In Michigan.
And what's interesting, of course,
is that Trump, uh,
the first term was hugely anti-Islam.
Trump, is owned and operated by Muslims.
Completely.
Well, and they became demon possessed.
If you become demon possessed,
what's going to be your religion?
What religion are you going to promote if
you're a demon?
Right.
The one that's overtly Allah?
Overtly satanic?
Yeah, overtly.
Yes, overtly satanic.
I mean, they're all satanic,
but just the Islam is the worst of
a bad lot.
So we move on down here.
We've already done that.
That's a repeat of one.
I think we've done old Elon.
Yeah.
So this is the guy.
So what Trump has agreed to do is
exactly what I said was going to happen.
He's declared that Saudi Arabia is now a
non-NATO ally,
a really big ally of the United States,
military ally of the United States.
So I would ask you,
What is it that Saudi Arabia has that
would be a defensive as a military,
for example, to defend America?
How would Saudi Arabia serve in the
defense of America?
Because we had our largest military base
was in Saudi Arabia.
And after our response to the in the
Gulf War, Saudi Arabia.
required America to abandon the five
billion dollar base and we moved it to
Qatar.
So we we at one time had our
largest Middle East based in Saudi Arabia.
That is not true anymore.
OK, so what do they have?
To come to the United States aid.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You're going to have an ally means that
you're allied.
And this is a military alliance.
It's like a NATO alliance.
So you're allied military.
What is that?
The United States is going to get,
there's going to be a benefit to the
United States in terms of its defense from
Saudi Arabia.
So what's Saudi Arabia giving for their
side of this equation?
I'll tell you what America is giving.
What is Saudi Arabia giving?
Petrodollar is the only thing,
but that's not military.
That's not military.
Petrodollar is it.
Now, what is the United States giving?
What I said is that the United States
would pledge the United States military to
defend Saudi Arabia
if necessary, if attacked.
So if Israel, for example,
got in a war and Saudi Arabia decided
to join on the side of other Muslims
and attack Israel and Israel tried to
defend itself,
the United States would not go to war
on behalf of Israel.
It would send its military in to fight
on behalf of Saudi Arabia.
And if that sounds extreme to you,
what happened when Saddam Hussein,
who was an American ally,
invaded Kuwait
and was headed to Saudi Arabia,
who stopped him?
Whose lives, whose blood,
whose coin was spilled to protect Kuwait
and Saudi Arabia?
Oh, American.
United American U.S.
American military men and women shed their
blood and we shed our coin fighting to
protect Saudi Arabia,
the very perpetrators of nine eleven and
of Kuwait,
the primary funders at the time of Moss
Worldwide.
Now,
that is still Saudi Arabia at this point.
And so the United States has gone to
war and have had Americans die protecting
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait.
but never Israel.
And now we're putting it in writing that
the United States is forming a military
alliance with Saudi Arabia,
that if Saudi Arabia is attacked,
America's military will come to defend
Saudi Arabia.
That's what they get.
America gets squat.
Why?
Because Donald Trump is bribed.
We know that prior to Bitcoin,
it was twenty billion and Bitcoin is
probably three times that.
They bribed him.
And so they bought the U.S.
military.
That is what happened.
That's why he's thumbs up, baby.
I bet I came into this office broke
and look at me now.
And Saudi MBS, thumbs up.
I just bought the U.S.
military.
It cost me twenty billion.
Bought the whole damn military.
Something we spend a trillion dollars a
year on and he bought it for,
what a deal.
Now he should write the art of the
deal.
He bought it for twenty billion.
Wow.
So let's switch.
We'll do a couple on...
on over to facebook and yeah let's go
to facebook and do a a couple just
to be fair uh here uh this is
uh is a post that i thought was
interesting uh bannon of course has been
uh amongst the most immoral magas from the
beginning he has been uh one of trump's
uh most faithful supporters even though uh
trump has uh gone against him and then
Started to work with him again.
But Bannon is the mouthpiece for the likes
of Stephen Miller.
Stephen Miller is the Goebbels of this
administration, of the Fourth Reich.
And Bannon would be the chief cheerleader
of it.
So he's saying, OK,
and he wrote during that last election,
he says the only thing that's going to
stop this is the Epstein files.
And it's been the case from the beginning
that he knew that the ominous danger for
Trump was Epstein and that if the
Republicans, in fact,
he's gone off to say after this last
round of elections,
that if Republicans face the same
consequences
result that they faced on this group of
elections that just transpired a few weeks
ago,
that Democrats will take over the House
and the Senate.
And under that circumstance,
it's a hundred percent certain that Trump
will be impeached and then convicted,
a hundred percent certain,
and that his presidency will be over.
And so he is now looking at the
Trumpster, the dumpsters, I like to say,
and say, what now, pal?
Now that the Epstein files are released,
what now?
And so I just came to the conclusion
that the reason that Trump finally said,
all right,
we're going to have the vote and I
say, you know, vote to release them,
is that he knew he was going to
be outvoted by a veto-proof margin.
And this way he can say,
I took credit for it.
I wanted it released.
Yeah, exactly.
Right.
And that he also knows that he has
enough evidence
pieces that are chaotically already
presented around the board,
the potential of economic collapse for the
United States, putting U.S.
Marines, active duty U.S.
Marines and U.S.
cities,
starting a war against America under the
ruse of narco-terrorism,
invading the Ukraine,
I'm assuming invading Venezuela,
bombing Mexico.
The idea that the, that,
The U.S.
and other allies are sending long-range
missiles into Russia that will cause
Russia to respond and ultimately take it
out on America and European countries,
creating enormous chaos in the world.
The very collapse of the U.S.
dollar is a reserve currency.
He has enough chaos and also the
declaration that there will be a...
a Islamic state,
the fact that he's building a US military
base on the border with Gaza to involve
Americans in that quagmire,
the fact that his most recent deal for
Gaza for his peace board does not require
the demilitarizing of Hamas or the
resignation or the removal of Hamas or
even Hamas laying down their weapons.
You've got so much going on here that
he is absolutely certain in the way that
he has dealt with things before that he
will prevail through chaos.
He will prevail through denial and he will
prevail through vindictiveness.
And the fact of the matter is that
even if you had a picture of him
with naked girls who are underage on his
lap,
He knows that there is no chance of
prosecution of him as a criminal because
most of the women have signed
nondisclosure agreements for millions of
dollars.
And the fact is that it would be
exceedingly difficult to take a sitting
president to trial and he could write a
pardon for himself.
And so he knows he is already hated
by those that have morality.
He knows that he is already loved by
those who have no morality.
And what difference is it going to make?
He's a jerk and everybody knows he's a
jerk.
So he's a sexual pervert and a liar.
So what's more of it?
Yeah.
That's what he's figuring out.
Get it over with.
Let's move past it and we'll go on
from there.
I'll create such chaos.
If there are elections in twenty twenty
eight, first of all,
I'd be surprised if there actually are
elections.
I think that will be under martial law.
We'll have the U.S.
military throughout U.S.
cities.
I think there will be a major economic
collapse.
I think there'll be wars and that Donald
Trump will do everything he can to prevent
an election.
And if there is an election,
the votes won't matter because he is not
leaving office.
He didn't destroy the east wing of the
White House and start building that
ballroom to himself, which, by the way,
seems to be stalled at the moment.
For any other reason,
then he doesn't ever intend to leave that
office.
So he could be impeached and he would
use the U.S.
military to prevent his ouster.
So that's the answer as to what's going
on there.
This one is actually better as a post
just because it's a whole lot of things
with the ten words or less.
So, you know,
this is the billionaire who hides his tax
returns.
This is the genius who hides his college
grades that were D's and F's.
This is the businessman who managed to
bankrupt a casino.
The house always wins.
This is the man who calls himself a
playboy and yet had to pay for sex
with Stormy Daniels.
This is the innocent man who refuses to
testify and to release testimony against
him.
Oh, he is, of course,
the great patriot who dodged the draft at
least four times for a mythical bone spur
in his heel.
He's the philanthropist.
whose charity has been made illegal by the
U.S.
court systems.
Oh, yeah,
he is the MAGA Christian Messiah,
but he doesn't go to church,
or I don't think he's ever read a
Bible.
But nonetheless,
he is the antithesis of what he claims
to be, is what that says.
He is the great betrayer.
He is the temporal manifestation of Satan.
You've got to get used to it.
He's demon-possessed.
That's...
who he is.
In every instance,
it's absolutely the opposite of what he
says.
Yeah, this is amazing.
This young lady is pictured below.
Oh, yeah, he on Air Force One,
when she asked him about the Epstein
files, which is something should be done.
It's I mean,
right now it's the number one item in
the news.
It won't be by the time that Trump's
done with it.
He asked her
She asked him about it on Air Force
One.
And his response to her was, quiet, quiet,
piggy.
I mean,
what man responds to a woman whose job
it is to ask questions,
who asked a legitimate question,
and you respond to her by saying, quiet,
piggy?
What kind of a creep is that?
And if you're a MAGA,
how could you support that?
You think it's appropriate to call a woman
a piggy?
And it's not just for her.
It's for the next one to think about.
Oh, you want to ask a question too?
Think about how I'm going to dress you
down publicly.
Correct.
He does it all the time.
And when somebody in the Oval Office asks
the question, you're the stupidest,
dumbest, most useless piece of trash,
failed journalism school.
What in the hell?
Your network should be embarrassed for
you.
He just goes on and on.
I mean, he is...
exceedingly nasty.
No one has ever been just as condescending
and revolting.
He is exactly as one would expect Satan.
No respect for women.
No respect for people.
People, yeah.
Get a good look at this sucker here.
You know what that is there, my friend?
That is a black hole.
And that is the most detailed picture
we've ever taken of the event horizon.
That is the light that is swirling around
about to be pulled into the black hole.
Because before it goes in the black hole,
it actually begins to spin and stretch at
enormous speeds and temperatures before it
ever goes and gets trapped into that black
hole.
But I'm just saying,
I think there's a lot of people out
there that ought to get a really good
look at this.
Because that's where they're headed.
The home sweet home.
If you're promoting Donald Trump,
if you're promoting Marxism,
if you're promoting conspiracy,
anti-Semitism,
you are promoting religion as opposed to
just being fooled by it.
That's home.
I don't think it's a very roomy place,
and I don't think there's any way to
turn the lights on either.
Well,
some of them even have that as their
logo.
Oh, yeah, see,
that's the Grok logo right there.
Yeah,
that is the Grok logo and the new
version.
You know, one of the things, too,
that's just so disgusting today is that
what Grok and AI are doing is they're
destroying this connection,
this appreciation of what's real.
I remember every day you see pictures,
you say, well, that's really spectacular.
And then you reckon, wait a minute,
that's AI.
And you're sitting there all the time now.
You're afraid even to look at something
with any degree of appreciation because,
well...
It's AI,
it's blurring the lines between fantasy
and reality.
The thing that Elon wants to brag all
the time that X can do is that
it creates these fantasy figures and
pretend animations.
What could be worse?
Boys and girls that are hooked on being
gamers and playing in this imaginary world
of social media.
And now you're adding the capacity for
them to move into the unreal world of
fake animations, fake reality.
It's a really scary place we're taking the
world.
Cynicism is definitely on the rise.
You have to beat it to survive nowadays.
Because I don't think there's anyone out
there thinking that, oh,
things are getting better.
Well, Elon is.
Oh, yeah.
Optima is going to take care of it.
If he sells it,
things get better for him.
And Rocky Eye is going to think everything
for you so you won't have to think
anymore.
And Optima is going to do all of
your work.
And it's going to keep you healthy.
And it's going to tend to your criminals.
You don't need prisons anymore.
It's going to replace your doctors.
It's going to be your best pal,
your total entertainment system.
Who needs people?
We've got robots.
Yeah.
It's better.
And if it doesn't get better,
what the hell?
We'll go to Mars.
Yeah, this post was close.
And the Nakba people, the Muslims,
say it all began in in nineteen forty
eight when that was they called the great
Nakba,
the great travesty of Jews returning to
what they would then call their land,
which, of course, was not their land.
There's no there's no such thing as a
Palestinian.
It hasn't been one for decades.
and the Palestinians,
the Philistines of old never really made
it out of Gaza anyway.
They were long ago made extinct by the
Egyptians and the Babylonians and the
Assyrians and the Greeks.
So there are no more.
And so that whole thing is a complete
myth.
But nonetheless,
they view in nineteen forty eight as the
great Nakba.
And and they say, you know,
it didn't start on October seventh,
twenty three.
It started in nineteen forty eight.
Those bastardly Jews came back now.
the fact is this person is saying no
it happened in november of six thirty six
when the invading uh army of uh of
muslims after muhammad's death uh
conquered uh jerusalem and they besieged
jerusalem and i said no no no that's
that's not when it began it began in
uh and is when uh muhammad
weaseled his way into Yathrib,
a farming community of thirty thousand
Jews,
and proceeded to get the Jews to loan
them money and provide housing for those
Muslims,
and then provided the script for the
Quran.
And then Muhammad turned on them.
And beginning in six twenty two,
he imposed apartheid on the Jews of
Yathrib, today's Medina.
And then that led ultimately to the
beheading of the remaining Jews that he
hadn't exiled.
He beheaded every man.
And boy, he raped every woman.
He sold every child to slavery to buy
more weapons.
And then following his capitulation at the
Treaty of Hudubayyah a year later,
Muhammad went up to Kabar.
It was the last vestige of Jews in
Arabia.
That was another date farming community.
That's when the phrase Allah is greater
than the God of the Jews, Yahweh,
is the intent.
It's the Islamic prayer of fear.
And over the course of days,
he besieged the community.
They tortured the men to death.
They cut off their heads at the end.
They played a game of lots to choose
after Muhammad got first choice to rape
the women.
Muhammad chose the kings of that
community, the leader's wife,
whom he made watch him and his goons
torture the man to death by burning a
fire on his chest.
And then Muhammad and his goons killed her
sons, killed her husband,
and then Muhammad took her captive and
raped her.
That's Muhammad.
Muhammad.
And, uh, they, uh, then, uh,
stole everything that was in the community
and they took all the children and sold
them into slavery.
So that is when,
that's when this all began.
I just think it's important people to know
that.
And it,
it sounds just like October seventh.
And if you want absolute proof.
There's five volumes of this,
five of them.
They take every word of the Quran.
put it in chronological order,
set it into the context of Muhammad's life
with the oldest and most credible hadith
sources, which, by the way,
come from exactly the same people,
and they were passed on and retained
exactly the same way.
There really is no difference in Quran and
hadith.
Exactly the same people deliver them,
passed on to us mouth to ear exactly
the same way by exactly the same people
on exactly the same subject.
As a matter of fact,
the Quran is incomprehensible without the
hadith,
and every Muslim that is a scholar knows
that.
And so I use the Hadith,
the oldest Hadith sources,
particularly the chronological ones,
one by Ibn Ishaq,
which is the life of the messenger of
Allah.
And then Ibn, excuse me, Tabari's Tareq,
which is the history of Islam's formation.
And I use them to reorder the Quran
chronologically, the first to ever do it,
and set it the context of Muhammad's life
and reveal the truth.
about Allah, Muhammad, the Quran,
the Hadith, the first Muslims.
It's devastating.
You want to know how to deal with
saving Israel from it,
saving the world from them?
Read the book.
Read the books.
It's irrefutable.
I don't quote any sources other than the
earliest and most credible Islamic sources
to destroy the religion.
Still there?
Oh, there we go.
Yeah,
that was the deal that was done yesterday,
isn't it?
It was actually done months ago,
but commemorated yesterday.
Yeah, Donald, I give you gold.
For you and your family,
I give you gold.
And Donald, I give you to Saudi Arabia,
the most advanced fighter jets in the
world,
which you only have one enemy that would
be Israel.
So what we're doing here is we're walking
over the body of dead Jews to do
this deal.
That's why Netanyahu is laying on the
ground.
We're going to kill a lot of Jews
together.
Won't it be fun?
And yet the Jews view Donald Trump as
the reincarnation of Cyrus.
their messiah whatever happened to the
bright people that should have known
better let's do one more one more pretty
simple right there was never a jew named
jesus when was the name jesus first
invented seventeenth century
Early seventeenth century,
the first time a J was invented.
When Paul wrote his mythology,
his first fourteen books in the Christian
New Testament were all written by Paul.
And the last of them was written ten
years before there was a gospel,
and gospel happens to be Paul's term as
well.
And the two people that wrote the first
two of these gospels were both Paul's
posse.
They were both Paul's publicist and Paul's
pal, Mark and Luke.
When they came up with the name of
this myth that would be the counterfeit of
the actual Messiah and Son of God,
what did they call him, do you know?
Iosun.
Yeah, Iosus, Iosu, Iosun.
And is that a Hebrew name?
No, that's Greek.
That's a Greek name.
So there never was a Jew named Jesus.
There was never a Jew named Iusus.
Not in the first century.
Not even now in the twenty-first century.
Not now.
Not ever.
If you're a Christian,
your religion is based on a fundamental
lie.
I don't tell you that to be irritating
to you.
I tell that to you to be liberating.
That's the greatest gift I could give you.
You know,
it's like the people who have been told
over and over again that the bridge across
the chasm is trustworthy.
And they don't know that the bridge ends
halfway over the chasm and dumps everyone
to their death.
And yet they keep on marching across.
And the one guy that says,
don't do that.
It isn't safe.
It's a scam.
Don't go there.
Protect your life.
Protect your family.
Go this way instead.
That guy is not your foe.
He's your friend.
So, my friend, that brings us to,
I guess, the next one down there,
which is I can see my favorite.
Dodes has an affinity for the nines,
the nineteenth, the ninety-first,
and the hundred and nineteenth.
And, of course, yeah,
it was the eighty-ninth.
They are the great, great.
Psalms that all tell us what we need
to know.
Well, my friend,
we've done a second vlog on the vlog.
It's a pleasure to be able to do
this with you.
Next time,
we'll do a little more on Facebook,
a little less on X,
a little less of a caustic environment.
One of the challenges of responding to
your feed on these places is that once
I began, for example, on X to...
pose insights into what is really going on
with Elon Musk, the grok says, oh,
I must like those feeds.
And so it says,
you must agree with those feeds.
I'll give you more of them.
gets to be a little bit much because
it's just like Rich was wondering,
why in the world am I getting so
many Christian posts on my feed?
And it's because he took the time on
a couple of them to respond to them
and say, don't go on that bridge.
Your bridge of faith is busted.
It's going to lead to your death.
He wasn't saying, I want more of these.
He was saying, I want less of these.
But you see, AI isn't very smart.
All I can do is count and say,
well, you responded to it,
so you must want more of them.
And that is the nature of this.
And so I'll have to be a little
more careful and not respond to so many
on the same subject.
But it's hard to do on these things
because that's the way artificial
intelligence works and the way the sites
are programmed.
For sure.
There we go.
An amazing experience.
The vlog on the vlog as we talk
through the news items.
Yeah,
number two as we talk through the news
items of the day.
I'm sure we'll do another one next
Wednesday,
and maybe we'll sneak in one between now
and then.
I'm told by my...
uh wife who is also our brand manager
that there's going to be a nifty logo
for vlog on the blog and that also
we're going to create a short form
introduction that she's already working on
she might be working on it with you
so that the introduction to these programs
which is now interminable it's uh what
eighteen seconds which i think at one time
used to be the norm but people's attention
spans are so short now we need to
take it down to like six seconds
Just a quick hitter.
Yeah, just a quick hitter.
So here we are.
And let's and let's go.
So that's our our path going forward.
I was I was trying to get Wookiee
to sign up and, you know,
I'd have those talking dogs.
We'll have Wookiee say, OK, here's my dad.
The vlog on a blog.
The dog on a blog for the blog.
We'll see what we can do with that.
But anyway, thank you for participating.
I think this is a fun way,
even though the news is dark.
We're entering the time of Israel's
troubles.
The next eight years is going to be
horrific.
It's painful to report a future history,
but you're better off forewarned than you
will be
Completely left to wonder what in the
world is happening.
And when it begins to happen and unfold,
as we have been saying and thus far,
I've made many,
many hundreds of these forecasts and
predictions.
Haven't got one wrong.
So the likelihood that I'm reading the
profits correctly and this is what's going
to happen going forward is virtually
certain.
And when it does, you'll be prepared.
Absolutely.
Thank you, Kevin.
We have a way out, yadaya.com.
Yes, we do have a way out, yadaya.com.
Start with an introduction to God.
There are thirty five books at
yadiyah.com.
It means to know Yah.
Thirty five books with a very innovative
and comprehensive translations of the
Torah,
prophets and Psalms scrubbed of all
religiosity.
Going back to the oldest extant sources so
that you can actually know who God is
and you won't need any belief.
no religion no belief oh by the way
it's free no no donations we don't accept
anything every book is free in its
entirety we don't even have your register
you don't have to we don't even care
who you are we don't want to know
who you are you don't have to you
don't get to sign up with your email
you can go there totally anonymously we're
not tracking anybody uh we we pay no
attention to who's uh there uh and we
even make ourselves difficult to find
because well i'm not so good at
any more at answering emails because we
spend too much of our day doing other
things,
but we're not here to bother you at
all.
You're not going to ask you for money,
not going to ask you for a following,
not going to ask you for anything and
everything we're offering to you,
including all twenty five thousand pages
of research so that you can actually know
God and understand what he's offering and
capitalize upon it is free.
Thank you.
Yeah, I appreciate it, Kevin.
We'll do this again soon.